feat: add risingwave-py python sdk doc (#2677)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/dev/python-client-libraries.md

</head>

RisingWave provides a Python SDK [`risingwave-py`](https://pypi.org/project/risingwave-py/) (currently under public preview) to help user develops event-driven applications. 
As RisingWave is wire-compatible with PostgreSQL, you can also use third-party PostgreSQL drivers like `psycopg2` and `sqlalchemy` to interact with RisingWave from your Python applications.

## Use `risingwave-py` to connect to RisingWave

[risingwave-py](https://pypi.org/project/risingwave-py/) is a RisingWave Python SDK that provides the following capabilities:
- Interact with RisingWave via Pandas DataFrame.

> - Subscribe and process changes from RisingWave tables / materialized views.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Subscribe and process changes from RisingWave tables or materialized views.
```

    )
)

# Connect to RisingWave instance on localhost with connection string
rw = RisingWave(RisingWaveConnOptions("postgresql://root:root@localhost:4566/dev"))

# You can create a new SQL connection and execute operations under the with statement. 
# This is the recommended way for python sdk usage.
with rw.getconn() as conn:
    conn.insert(...)
    conn.fetch(...)
    conn.execute(...)
    conn.mv(...)
    conn.on_change(...)

# You can also use the existing connection created by RisingWave object to execute operations.
# This will be used in the later sections for simplicity.
rw.insert(...)
rw.fetch(...)
rw.execute(...)
rw.mv(...)
rw.on_change(...)

```

### Ingestion into RisingWave

#### Load a Pandas DataFrame into RisingWave
```python
from datetime import datetime
import pandas as pd

df = pd.DataFrame(
    {
        "product": ["foo", "bar"],
        "price": [123.4, 456.7],
        "ts": [datetime.strptime("2023-10-05 14:30:00", "%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S"), 
               datetime.strptime("2023-10-05 14:31:20", "%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S")],
    }
)

# A test table will be created if not exist in risingwave with the correct schema
rw.insert(table_name="test", data=df)

> # You can provide a optional force_flush parameter and set it to True

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# You can provide an optional force_flush parameter and set it to True
```

# if you would the inserted data to be visible in fetch query immediately.

> # Otherwise, Data will be inserted in batches asynchronusly for better performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Otherwise, data will be inserted in batches asynchronusly for better performance.
```

# rw.insert(table_name="test", data=df, force_flush = True)
```

#### Load data into RisingWave from external systems
```python
# Create a table and load data from upstream kafka
rw.execute("""
    CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS source_abc
    WITH (
        connector='kafka',
        properties.bootstrap.server='localhost:9092',
        topic='test_topic'
    ) 
    FORMAT UPSERT ENCODE AVRO (
        schema.registry = 'http://127.0.0.1:8081',
        schema.registry.username='your_schema_registry_username',
        schema.registry.password='your_schema_registry_password'
)""")
```

> See [here](https://docs.risingwave.com/docs/current/data-ingestion/) for supported sources and the SQL syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For supported sources and the SQL syntax, see [this topic](https://docs.risingwave.com/docs/current/data-ingestion/).
```

        SELECT window_start, window_end, product, ROUND(avg(price)) as avg_price
        FROM tumble(test, ts, interval '10 seconds') 
        GROUP BY window_start, window_end, product""", 
        format=OutputFormat.DATAFRAME)

print(result)
# Output:
#          window_start          window_end product  avg_price
# 0 2023-10-05 14:31:20 2023-10-05 14:31:30     bar      457.0
# 1 2023-10-05 14:30:00 2023-10-05 14:30:10     foo      123.0

# You can also use OutputFormat.RAW to get back list of tuples as the query results
# rw.fetch("...",  format=OutputFormat.RAW)
# [(datetime.datetime(2023, 10, 5, 14, 31, 20), datetime.datetime(2023, 10, 5, 14, 31, 30), 'bar', 457.0), 
#  (datetime.datetime(2023, 10, 5, 14, 30), datetime.datetime(2023, 10, 5, 14, 30, 10), 'foo', 123.0)]
```

### Event-driven processing with RisingWave
Event-driven applications depend on real-time data processing to react to events as they occur. With `risingwave-py`, you can define materialized views using SQL and run them in RisingWave. Behind the scenes, events are processed continuously, and the results are incrementally maintained.

#### Define the processing logic in SQL

> In the following example, `test_mv` is created to incrementally maintain the result of defined SQL as events are ingested in to the `test` table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, `test_mv` is created to incrementally maintain the result of the defined SQL as events are ingested in to the `test` table.
```

        # Pass your handler here
        handler = simple_event_handler,
        # Support DATAFRAME and RAW tuples here
        output_format=OutputFormat.DATAFRAME,
        # If set to True, progress of the subscription will be saved and can be recovered on python application crashed
        persist_progress=True, 
        # Maximal number of rows returned each time
        max_batch_size = 10)
    ).start()

# Subscribe changes of a table and print them to console.
# Run on_change in a separate thread without blocking the main thread.
threading.Thread(
    target=lambda: rw.on_change(
        subscribe_from="test",
        handler = lambda data: print(data),
        output_format=OutputFormat.RAW,
        persist_progress=False, 
        max_batch_size = 5)
    ).start()

# Future inserted data into the base table will be reflected in the subscriptions
# df = pd.DataFrame(
#     {
#         "product": ["foo", "bar"],
#         "price": [1000.2, 5000.4],
#         "ts": [datetime.strptime("2023-10-05 17:30:00", "%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S"), 
#                datetime.strptime("2023-10-05 17:31:20", "%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S")],
#     }
# )
# rw.insert(table_name="test", data=df)
```

> You can refer to the `risingwave-py` [GitHub repo](https://github.com/risingwavelabs/risingwave-py) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, please refer to the `risingwave-py` [GitHub repo](https://github.com/risingwavelabs/risingwave-py).
```
